July 12 morning
Not a rack dirt floor d cloth sides are inline slowly sink
The sound was hidden so far, but today is the personal time trial of the decisive battle
Practice slowly while previewing the force
He now
The real tool starts today
Lou 3 Oh consecutive here is the calculation because it was under the king line aimed at
Ah ah ah ah
There is no system to care what you think clean to the I was this
Hot spring
In toys
Had
On the Tteyuu wonder actual
Does not contain voice you're doing's have from struggling bushing which is not might Virtual 4 was tremendous
is
re
The ninth stage personal time trial 59 kg begins
A man goes to here
Class 131 Tony Robin
c 6 years old 32 years old
I now live in Monaco but I went to the United States who won the first lap of Spain
If I go back to Monaco
Let's celebrate the party
I do training in the highlands with this quieter than that
People gel comes up steadily the second half tool girls
re there
Five people's time trial is also a star during heavy rain
A few tens of seconds with this rain, while losing, Doha Gel 4th squad
20th place overall
Boone to Ace Jean of Italy Gatorade
I had tears in front of the Incline while borrowing a few words of victory
I need to work hard here for two
It has jumped of the top of the Mingeiru Obama direction
Lee plus can be if the bar
Face
It was not much waiting for this day
A day to break the price with a proficiency in Tour de France
Individual time trial that he does best
It is a chance for this child to push his rivals into a trap of despair
Do the selected gear is top of the front is 50 Bodia 12 gear
I do not sleep
3 lightly unplug the the clothing theory started in light of
Chasing back
This difference in speed
The Indian line throws a helmet and goggles and is just small out 4 a
The difference between the top of the rain and the top of the ear came
In Japan
I rather Misehaha of bay windows and malaria
This time, we started the system six days ago
Well even police to ea players that started before running with
Astonishing to us
Calculation for everything in the Indian line
Against around in front of the mountain stage
Scenario der for it to win his
a ghetto it made a noise on this intense seeding so the machine of the indian line was punk
I was hit
Immediately find a suitable place by the support car and replace it with the bicycle
rar
Wow ah ah
Ovulation This is one of the accident for the India line
Good bullet Irla
meji
I saw the fang
was Idei jumped into the goal at the rate of new
uh
Attractive depiction
Total first place dam 6 minutes 19 androgens
121 Likes
Fukui terminal Mayoyojone in a 59km race
I'm knocking my rivals out of despair